[NFC] Rename ext_codeplay_enqueue_native_command to ext_oneapi_enqueue_native_command (#14854)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_enqueue_native_command.asciidoc

== Example

```c++
sycl::queue q;
q.submit([&](sycl::handler &cgh) {
    sycl::accessor acc{buf, cgh};
    cgh.ext_oneapi_enqueue_native_command([=](sycl::interop_handle &h) {
      // Can extract device mem from accessor
      auto src = IH.get_native_mem<backend::ext_oneapi_level_zero>(acc);
      auto command_list = h.get_native_queue<sycl::backend::level_zero>();

      // Can enqueue arbitrary backend operations. This could also be a kernel

>       // launch or call to a library that enqueues operations on the stream etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // launch or call to a library that enqueues operations on the command list etc
```

      //
      // Important: Enqueuing a *synchronous* backend operation results in
      // undefined behavior.
      zeCommandListAppendMemoryCopy(

>               command_list, dst, src, sz, nullptr, 0, nullptr);

Reviewer: `dst` and `sz` are not defined anyplace.

Author: Have updated
